README.md, before:

# Meta-Learning-Model-for-Image-Registration
Code published in context of MIDL 2022

## Toolbox
This is a minimal version of our unFAIR toolbox which is intended to close the gap between conventional gradient-based
 optimization methods and neural networks in the context of image registration. It is a python and pytorch based
 framework in development.
 
## Requirements
In order to use our toolbox, you need python 3.5 or newer.
The following packages are needed (we make use of a docker enviroment. The package versions are indicated in the
brackets):
    - pytorch       (1.3.1)
    - pillow        (9.4.0)
    - dill          (0.2.9)
    - h5py          (2.9.0)
    - numpy         (1.16.3)
    - pandas        (0.24.2)
    - torchvision   (0.4.2)
    - scipy         (1.2.1)
    - matplotlib    (3.2.1)
    
## Documentation
There is no documentation available yet.

## Author
Frederic Kanter, Institute of Mathematics and Image Computing, University of Lübeck, Germany
frederic.kanter@mic.uni-luebeck.de

Commit message:

[UPDATE] Import fixes. Removal of most visualization tools and streamlining of functions.

README.md, after:

# Meta-Learning-Model-for-Image-Registration
Code published in context of MIDL 2022

## Toolbox
This is a minimal version of our unFAIR toolbox which is intended to close the gap between conventional gradient-based
 optimization methods and neural networks in the context of image registration. It is a python and pytorch based
 framework in development.
 
## Requirements
In order to use our toolbox, you need python 3.5 or newer.
The following packages are needed (we make use of a docker enviroment. The package versions are indicated in the
brackets):
- pytorch       (1.3.1)
- pillow        (9.4.0)
- dill          (0.2.9)
- h5py          (2.9.0)
- numpy         (1.16.3)
- pandas        (0.24.2)
- torchvision   (0.4.2)
- scipy         (1.2.1)
- matplotlib    (3.2.1)

## Data
Images for on-the-fly data generation are provided in images.zip for all data sets mentioned in the paper. Testing
requires HDF file with ground-truth deformations. Sample data to test full pipeline can be found in minimal_example.zip.
 
    
## Documentation
There is no documentation available yet. This version contains reduced visualization and tracking options. Commonly
used methods such as Tensorboard are provided in the full version and will be shared later on.

NOTE: Minimal version not extensively tested. In case of problems please contact the author.

## Author
Frederic Kanter, Institute of Mathematics and Image Computing, University of Lübeck, Germany
frederic.kanter@mic.uni-luebeck.de
